dead flies putrefy the perfume
assignment and cause it to give off a
foul odor so does a little folly to one
respected for wisdom an honor a wise
man's heart is at his right hand but a
fool's heart at his left even when a
fool walks along the way he lacks wisdom
and he shows everyone that he is a fool
if the spirit of the rule arises against
you do not leave your post for
conciliation pacifies great offenses
there is an evil I have seen under the
Sun as an error proceeding from the
ruler folly is set in great dignity
while the rich sit in a lowly place I
have seen servants on horses while
princes walk on the ground like servants
he who digs a pit will fall into it and
whoever breaks through a wall will be
bitten by a serpent he he'll quarry
stones may be hurt by them and he who
splits wood may be endangered by it if
the axe is dull and one does not sharpen
the edge and he must use more strength
but wisdom brings success a serpent may
bite when it is not charmed a Babla is
no different the words of a wise man's
mouth are gracious but the lips of a
fool shall swallow him up the words of
his mouth begin with foolishness and the
end of his talk is raving madness
a fool also multiplies word no man knows
what is to be who can tell him what will
be after him
the labor of fools we're ease them for
they do not even know how to go to the
city woe to you O land when your king is
a child and your Prince's feast in the
morning blessed are you o land when your
King is the son of nobles and your
Prince's feast at the proper time for
strength and not for drunkenness because
of laziness the building decays and
through idleness of hands the house
leaks a feast is made for laughter and
wine makes merry but money answers
everything do not curse the King even in
your thought do not curse the rich even
in your bedroom for a bird of the air
may carry your voice and a bird in
flight may tell the matter